I think the life of weapons
leave it to puerto rico you can
work with her in puerto rico-
any decent person can acquire
the firearms permit in your
shooting target permission to practice
the sport of shooting white
quite reasonable usually the first
You can get licenses in less
for $ 300 and then buy the souls
that you need the test here in port
rich is not the law of arms
the problem here in puerto rico in the
attitude that certain people have towards
everything that has to do with soul and
attitude that sometimes has some
senators and representatives regarding
the laws that they want to add to the law of
Existing weapons I explain
here port every time you leave
soul does not matter how you do it be a
a course for young people is a course for
adults whenever we are working
with soul much of the population thinks
that's bad or illegal shots on the air
death and destruction and this is not the case
firearms for people who are
decent and we follow the law is a
tool a tool that if you are
security guard for things to
generate income for your family is
a tool yes yes
in head of family and comes thieves
to jump in your house because you use it as
defense tool is a
tool on the part of the people
who make the laws here in puerto rico
many of them, in my opinion, think
that with making stricter laws on
the arms control the criminals that
are the ones who do the killing and
massacres you pay the case those laws
and as you who follow the law does not penalize
the offender
The less we have and the more
let's think that plc souls are the
problem we're not going to go anywhere
hands kill people
the criminals with soul kill people and
unfortunately on many occasions
to stop a bad person who is
killing people need a person
good and decent that is also evil
armed and defend the prisoners